Explicitly include ctype.h to fix compilation warning (#2314)
puma/puma: History.md

## Master

* Bugfixes

>   * Explicitly include ctype.h to fix compilation warning and build error on MacOS Big Sur (#2304)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Explicitly include ctype.h to fix compilation warning and build error on macOS with Xcode 12 (#2304)
```

## Master

* Bugfixes

>   * Explicitly include ctype.h to fix compilation warning and build error on macOS with Xcode 12 (#2304)

Reviewer 2: :+1:
